Add docs for the OTLP endpoint. (#2463)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/configure/configuring-otel-collector.md

---
aliases:

>   - /docs/mimir/latest/operators-guide/configuring/configuring-otel-collector/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - /docs/mimir/latest/operators-guide/configuring/configure-otel-collector/
```

description: Learn how to write data from OpenTelemetry Collector into Mimir
menuTitle: Configuring OTel Collector

> title: Configuring OpenTelemetry Collector to write data into Mimir

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Configure the OpenTelemetry Collector to write data into Mimir
```
